# SPP
Single Parent Planner

<<<<<<< 8e93bbf7a2e63e3459951f51147eece847313504
The only requirement to download and install this file is to ensure your device is set to allow applications from unknown sources. If it is not it will offer the option to change that setting. Parse is already implemented and you can add new items as well as edit on the Quick contacts and child information. On the Child information when editing or creating new child, you can add to the additional information as a separate function. To do this enter the name of the additional item as well as whatever it is in the appropriate fields, and click the save item button. this temporarily adds it to a list in the background and you can do this multiple times. A toast pops up and tells you this is only temporary. You must hit save It before these items and any other new items or changed items on the page become permanent. If you enter an additional item and don’t save the item first it will not be saved when you click Save It. To see the delete functionality I have added swipe any list item to the left except the List Master on the home page. I did not implement delete of entire lists, on the List Master, to minimize user error. As the alert says, in the image Locker, the list takes few moments to load and as the warning says when you swipe left to delete, the page reloads when an item is deleted. To add an image, enter an image name and select the camera icon. To call, message or email from the Quick Contact page simply hit the icon. When adding items and creating new lists, when you save it stays on the add page so you can continue to add items and lists until your done. When your done simply click on Done. 
=======
The only requirement to download install this file is to ensure your device is set to allow applications from unknown sources. If it is not it will offer the option to change that setting. Parse is already implemented and you can add new items as well as edit on the Quick contacts and child information. On the Child information when editing or creating new child, you can add to the additional information as a separate function. To do this enter the name of the additional item as well as whatever it is in the appropriate fields, and click the save item button. this temporarily adds it to a list in the background and you can do this multiple times. A toast pops up and tells you this is only temporary. You must hit save It before these items and any other new items or changed items on the page become permanent. If you enter an additional item and don’t save the item first it will not be saved when you click Save It. To see the delete functionality I have added swipe any list item to the left except the List Master on the home page. I did not implement delete of entire lists, on the List Master, to minimize user error. As the alert says, in the image Locker, the list takes few moments to load and as the warning says when you swipe left to delete, the page reloads when an item is deleted. To add an image, enter an image name and select the camera icon. To call, message or email from the Quick Contact page simply hit the icon. When adding items and creating new lists, when you save it stays on the add page so you can continue to add items and lists until your done. When your done simply click on Done. 
>>>>>>> 1f33d8de4c52c55be7213112a26f6eb5f5d6aa1d


Most Current APK(Updated regularly through testing): 
https://www.dropbox.com/s/f7am8vxfc8xf7cz/spp-beta.apk?dl=0
